---
title: "Statement About Partner Services and Privacy"
displayed_sidebar: promotionSidebar
original_url: https://developer.huawei.com/consumer/cn/doc/promotion/ads-privacy-0000001667694050
---
# Statement About Partner Services and Privacy

This Privacy Statement describes how we process personal data for partner management, including contract management, service usage, settlement or payment, communication, and feedback we receive from partners in the context of our different partner services.

When you sign in to our variety partner services with your HUAWEI ID or managed HUAWEI ID (hereinafter, "HUAWEI ID") account, your contracting entity and data controller will be determined based on the country or region where you register your account.

If your HUAWEI ID account is registered in the Chinese mainland listed in Part I of <strong>Exhibit A – List of Countries/Regions</strong> (hereinafter, "Exhibit A"), Huawei Software Technologies Co., Ltd. (hereinafter, "Huawei Software"), a Huawei subsidiary incorporated in the People's Republic of China, will serve as your contracting entity and data controller.

If your HUAWEI ID account is registered in a country or region listed in Part II of <strong>Exhibit A</strong>, Aspiegel SE (hereinafter, "Aspiegel"), a Huawei subsidiary incorporated in Ireland, will serve as your contracting entity and data controller.

If your HUAWEI ID account is registered in a country or region listed in Part III of <strong>Exhibit A</strong>, Huawei Services (Hong Kong) Co., Limited (hereinafter, "Huawei Hong Kong"), a Huawei subsidiary incorporated in Hong Kong (China), will serve as your contracting entity and data controller.

Additionally, Huawei Software, Aspiegel, or Huawei Hong Kong may independently act as your contracting entity and data controller based on the business area in accordance with Parts I to III of <strong>Exhibit A</strong>, depending on the services used by you.

This statement covers the following topics:

<strong>[1 What data do we collect about you?](#section19670164111490)</strong>

<strong>[2 How do we use your data?](#section04641634194916)</strong>

<strong>[3 How long do we store your data?](#section6113276496)</strong>

<strong>[4 Do we share your data?](#section2052818196498)</strong>

<strong>[5 What are your rights and choices?](#section1378963415110)</strong>

<strong>[6 How can you contact us?](#section155332428528)</strong>

<strong>[7 How do we update this statement?](#section194961650135219)</strong>

## 1.What data do we collect about you?

As part of the partner services, we will only collect and use your personal data for the purposes stated in this statement. Personal data refers to any information that enables us to identify you as an individual person when using the services assigned to our partners.

For these purposes, we collect and process the following data:

- Your HUAWEI ID information, such as the account identifier, phone number, email address, profile picture, nickname, and country/region.
- Business contact information, such as the contact person's name, job title, work phone number, and work email address;
- Service usage information, such as information relating to the services that you use, your use of our partner services, device information, and your participation in events, programs, competitions, and other activities organized by us;
- Network and usage information, such as the IP address, language, web page location and title, web page request type, click events and other browsing information, brief information about problems encountered during usage, problem descriptions and attachments, and cookie data. Learn [more](https://ads.huawei.com/usermgtportal/html/index.html#/cookie?lang=en_US) about how we use cookies;
- Information related to the team or group you are part of, such as your member account, roles and the privileges granted to you by the administrator if you access the team account, or account group, and others in the service;
- Customer service and partner management information, such as our communications with you, your responses to questionnaires, feedback, and other related information.

If you are an individual business partner, the following information we collect will be treated as personal information:

- Identification information, such as name, type and name of your business, identification document(s) (copy of your valid identity documentation, such as passport, national identity card, or driver's license, and copy of your bank card), profile photo that you uploaded, address, phone number, and email address;
- Financial information, such as banking, invoicing and tax information, and settlement or payment;
- Content information, such as the name and type of your content, which might be apps, themes, ads, or other media.

## 2.How do we use your data?

To provide you with different business partner services and fulfill contractual obligations, we will use and process your personal data for the use of our services, such as user identification, partner management, customer relationship management, support and communication, customer complaint handling, maintenance, software and system updates, agreement management, and problem diagnosis and resolution.

In addition, we use your personal data for the following purposes based on the contracting entity's legitimate interests (if your business area is in the country(ies) or region(s) listed in Part II of <strong>Exhibit A</strong>), or on the basis of your consent (if your business area is in the country(ies) or region(s) listed in Part III of <strong>Exhibit A</strong>),

- Analytics and development purposes: This enables us to understand our customers' needs from their perspective, and to improve the quality and user experience of our current and future services and offerings. You can object to such processing, as detailed in Section 5.5 below.
- Promotion and marketing purposes: This enables us to communicate with you about our offerings and create aggregated marketing targets. Knowing customers' preferences allows us to target our offers and offer products and services that better satisfy the needs and desires of our customers. You can object to such processing, as detailed in Section 5.5 below.
- Information security purposes: This enables us to detect or prevent various types of misuse of services and fraud, in order to provide our partners with secure and reliable services.

We may send you emails to inform you of offers, and new and/or enhanced functions or features available to our partners in the services. You can opt out from such communications by replying directly to these emails, to use the unsubscribe function in the message, or change your consent settings on any given third party service that you have given your consent to, depending on the communications scenario.

We also process your financial and identification information for tax and accounting purposes, as required by applicable laws and regulations.

## 3.How long do we store your data?

We retain your personal data for no longer than is necessary for the purposes defined in this statement.

We will process and retain your data for the duration of our relationship. When you delete your HUAWEI ID account, any and all personal data related to your account and associated services will be erased. However, we will retain:

- Your financial and identification information for seven (7) years from the day when you delete your HUAWEI ID account, for contract and partnership management purposes;
- Your payment and settlement information for seven (7) years from the day when the corresponding transaction was made, for accounting purposes;
- Personal data processed for customer relationship management, such as data subject requests, complaints, and customer interaction records, for up to five (5) years from the last interaction;
- Personal data processed for contract management purposes, for up to three (3) years after your HUAWEI ID account has been deleted;
- Personal data processed in relation to your participation in competitions, events, programs, and other activities organized by us, for up to two (2) years, or as otherwise communicated in connection with the registration for such an activity;
- Personal data that is used for analytics and development purposes, for up to twelve (12) months from the date of data collection, unless you have objected to such processing;
- Your identification document(s) (copy of passport or identity card and bank card) as an individual business partner or business license as an enterprise partner, which will be removed after your account has been deleted;
- Backups and app logs, which are processed to ensure the security of your data and services, for up to six (6) months from the day when they were captured.

Once the retention period expires, we will delete or anonymize your personal data, unless otherwise required by applicable laws and regulations.

## 4.Do we share your data?

<strong>4.1 Data storage location</strong>

Your partner account information is stored in the same data center as that of your HUAWEI ID, or it is stored in the China site in case your account is managed by an agency.

If you use a "team account", the team member list which includes information about members' HUAWEI IDs and roles will be stored in the data center located in China.

If you use an "account group", the group member list which includes the members' names and email addresses will be stored in the same data centers as those of members' accounts.

Additionally, limited data relating to your SDK/API usage and quota may also be stored in other regions (the EU/EEA, China, Russia, or Singapore) to enable the use of the SDKs/APIs in such regions.

The data for partner relationship management (including contract management) will be stored in China.

The data centers are operated by our contracted suppliers that work on our behalf.

<strong>4.2 Data sharing</strong>

Our business operations, such as marketing, surveys, sales promotion and business development, as well as customer support, may require our contracted suppliers acting on our behalf as data processors and located outside the EU/EEA and/or the Russian Federation to process your personal data.

For partnership management (including contract management) purposes, we will transfer your business contact information, job title, and financial information to a Huawei group company in China that operates under contract and acts on our behalf.

For content (including app, theme, and ads) management and accounting purposes, we will transmit the product information, service usage information, and financial information to a Huawei group company in China that operates under contract and acts on our behalf.

For customer support and troubleshooting purposes, we will transmit your business contact information, diagnostics information, problem description, and attachments to a Huawei group company in China or Türkiye that operates under contract and acts on our behalf.

For enabling the use of our SDKs or APIs outside your country/region of registration and managing the agreed API usage quotas, your SDKs or API usage data and available quota may also be shared to Huawei group companies in countries/regions outside your country/region of registration.

If you use the team account or account group functions, your personal data related to the team or group may be shared with the admin or other members, depending on the privileges they have been granted by the admin.

To grant you access to our services globally, your account identifier and content information may be shared across sites operated by Huawei group companies in the EU, China, Singapore, or Russia.

We may also share your data:

- when required in response to a legal process or request from competent authorities, in accordance with an applicable law, or in connection with a legal proceeding or process;
- In individual instances with external auditors, legal advisors, or other professional advisors, where necessary in the course of the services that they render to us; or
- When required as part of a merger, acquisition, sale of assets (such as service agreements), or transition of services to a Huawei group entity or other company.

When you distribute or deliver your content in the Chinese mainland, we will disclose your identification, financial, and content management information with your contracting entity in China (i.e., Huawei Software Technologies Co., Ltd.).

In addition, as described above, your personal data may be transferred, processed, and stored in countries/regions beyond your country/region of residence, and your personal data may be available to government authorities under lawful orders and laws applicable in those countries/regions.

If you select a business area that is different from the country or region where you register your HUAWEI ID account, we will disclose your business identification information (such as your business name) to the Huawei group company managing the selected business area for the purposes of enabling the service(s) in such area. In this case, your data may be transferred to and stored in either Germany, Russia, Singapore, or China, depending on the business area that you selected.

<strong>4.3 Safeguards used in data transfers</strong>

If your content are distributed or delivered in the country(ies) and/or region(s) listed in Part II of <strong>Exhibit A</strong>, when we transfer or disclose your data outside the EU/EEA, where local laws may not provide the same level of data protection, we will comply with applicable legal requirements for providing adequate safeguards by incorporating the EU Commission [standard data protection clauses](https://commission.europa.eu/publications/standard-contractual-clauses-international-transfers_en) into such transfers or disclosures. If you want to obtain copies of the actual signed standard data protection clauses, please [contact us](https://consumer.huawei.com/uk/legal/privacy-questions/).

We respect the Hong Kong (China) Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance and, if your products are distributed or delivered in the country(ies) and/or region(s) listed in Part III of <strong>Exhibit A</strong>, we are committed to complying with the Hong Kong (China) Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance when we transfer personal data outside Hong Kong (China).

## 5.What are your rights and choices?

You have the following rights and choices:

<strong>5.1 Access your data</strong>

You can view your data by accessing the relevant service portal<strong>.</strong>

For additional access requests, please [contact us](#section155332428528).

<strong>5.2 Rectify your data</strong>

To keep your data up-to-date and accurate, access and modify your data by accessing the relevant service portal.

<strong>5.3 Port your data</strong>

To port your personal data, please [contact us](#section155332428528).

<strong>5.4 Erase your data</strong>

You may at any time:

- Delete some of your data by accessing the relevant service portal or [contact us](#section155332428528) if you have any difficulty removing your information or your account.
- Object to the processing of your personal data, as detailed in Section 5.5. We will then erase the data within the scope of a valid objection if we no longer have legal basis to continue such processing.
- [contact us](#section155332428528) if you think the processing of your personal data is unlawful, and that your data should be erased.

We will erase or anonymize your personal data within a reasonable period of time, based on your aforementioned actions, and in accordance with the retention periods as described in Section 3.

<strong>5.5 Object processing</strong>

If you want to object to the processing of your data for analytics, please contact us.

When making a request, please specify the scope of the request, and provide us with the email address or phone number that you use to sign in to your HUAWEI ID.

In order to proceed with your request, we will contact you to verify your identity.

<strong>5.6 Restrict processing</strong>

If you want to restrict the processing of your personal data, please [contact us](https://consumer.huawei.com/uk/legal/privacy-questions/). You have the right to restrict the processing of your data under the following circumstances:

- Your data is unlawfully processed, but you do not want to erase it;
- You have a legal claim that you need to establish, exercise, or defend, and you requested us to keep your data when we would not otherwise keep it;
- Your request for objection is pending our verification process; or
- You have contested the accuracy of your personal data, and the accuracy of your data is pending our verification process.

When submitting your request, please specify the scope and basis of the request, and provide us with the email address or phone number that you use to sign in to your HUAWEI ID.

In order to proceed with your request, we will contact you to verify your identity.

## 6.How can you contact us?

You can find information about how to exercise your data subject's rights in Section 5. If you have any questions about your rights as a data subject, or how we process your personal data, or if you would like to contact our Data Protection Officer, please [contact us](https://consumer.huawei.com/uk/legal/privacy-questions).

Depending on your contracting entity and data controller, which is defined in the first paragraph, the addresses are below,

- Huawei Software: Huawei Software Technologies Co., Ltd., No. 101, Software Road, Yuhuatai District, Nanjing, P.R. China.
- Aspiegel: Aspiegel SE (registration number 561134), 3F, Mespil Court, Mespil Road, Ballsbridge, Dublin 4, D04 E516, Ireland.
- Huawei Hong Kong: Huawei Services (Hong Kong) Co., Limited, 9/F, Tower 6, The Gateway, No. 9 Canton Road, Tsim Sha Tsui, Kowloon, Hong Kong, P.R. China.

If you believe that we are not processing your personal data in accordance with this statement or the applicable data protection laws, you can lodge a complaint with your data protection authority, or the Data Protection Commissioner in Ireland.

## 7.How do we update this statement?

We encourage you to regularly check for the latest version of this statement from our partner service portal or app, as we may update it from time to time. In the event of any material changes to this statement, we will notify you in advance by means of notification dialogs, push messages, emails, and other methods, depending on the nature of the change.

<strong>Exhibit A – List of Countries/Regions</strong>

|  |  |
| --- | --- |
| No. | Countries/Regions |
| Part I | Chinese mainland |
| Part II | Aland Islands, Albania, Andorra, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Canada, Croatia, Curacao, Cyprus, Czechia, Denmark, Estonia, Faroe Islands, Finland, France, Germany, Gibraltar, Greece, Greenland, Guernsey, Holy See (Vatican City State), Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Isle of Man, Israel, Italy, Jersey, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Moldova, Monaco, Montenegro, Netherlands, New Zealand, North Macedonia, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Saint Martin (French part), Saint Pierre and Miquelon, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, San Marino, Serbia, Sint Maarten (Dutch part), Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Türkiye, Ukraine, United Kingdom, United States |
| Part III | Other countries and regions |
