---
title: "Legitimate interests for data processing"
displayed_sidebar: promotionSidebar
original_url: https://developer.huawei.com/consumer/cn/doc/promotion/tcf-0000001629463769
---
# Legitimate interests for data processing

We use your personal data originating from the publisher (the operator of the app where the ad served by Petal Ads is displayed) apps for the following purposes based on our or others <strong>legitimate interests</strong> taking into consideration your interests, rights, and expectations.

· <strong>Deliver and present advertising content.</strong> Device and network information is used to ensure the technical compatibility of the advertising, and to facilitate the transmission of the ad to your device. Technically, exchange of such information is necessary to receive ads requests from publishers, deliver the ad to your device, respond to your interaction with ad by sending you to the landing page, and deliver compatible ads based on e.g. device language settings, network type, and screen size.

<strong>Legitimate interests:</strong> the processing is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interest to run our ads business and deliver compatible ads that users can effectively interact with. It serves our business interests because we get paid by advertisers for ads placement. It also serves our partners business interests by enabling publishers to monetize their content and allowing advertisers to reach prospective customers. As a result, ads placement by Petal Ads can potentially benefit all users and society because it helps to enable open and free of cost online services.

· <strong>Use of limited data to select advertising.</strong> Advertising presented to you can be based on limited contextual data, such as information about the app that is showing you the ad, the content you are viewing, your approximate location (city-level), device information (brand and model, language settings, OS version, and app installation information), and network information (network type and mobile network provider). The information can be also used for positive or negative targeting e.g. to serve an ad adapted to a specific context or prevent an ad from serving in an unsuitable context, and control the frequency of ads shown to a user.

<strong>Legitimate interests:</strong> the processing is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interest to run ads business effectively and deliver localized and relevant ads for the context in question. Contextual targeting serves our business interests because we get paid by advertisers for ads placement. It also serves publishers and advertisers commercial interests by enabling publishers to monetize their content and allowing advertisers to reach prospective customers more effectively. Also, by controlling frequency of ads, users benefit from seeing less repetition in ads. Similarly, publishers benefit because users have a better experience if they do not see the same ads over and over, and advertisers benefit from not over-saturating particular users with their ads and can direct their ad spend more efficiently by not showing the same ad too many times to one user.

· <strong>Measuring advertising performance.</strong> Information regarding which advertising is presented to you and how you interact with it can be used to determine how well an advert has worked for you or other users and whether the goals of the advertising were reached. For instance, whether you saw an ad, whether you clicked on it, whether it lead you to download an app, etc. This allows to understand the relevance of advertising campaigns.

Processing activities under this purpose also include measuring how brand suitable or safe the content of the service where the ad was served was, the percentage of the ad that had the opportunity to be seen and for how long, how many users engaged with the ad, for how long, and what was the nature of the engagement (click, tap, hover, scroll, etc.), and determine how many unique users or devices an ad was server to, including measuring and analyzing ad attribution and conversion, characteristics of the device the ad was served on (non-precise location, type of device, screen size, language of the device, operating system, and mobile carrier) and reporting on an individual and aggregate level.

<strong>Legitimate interests:</strong> the processing is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interest to run our ads business effectively and to learn which ads and which publishers work best for which advertisers. Understanding and improving ads performance serves our business interests because we get paid by advertisers for ads placement. It also serves our partners business interests by enabling publishers to monetize their content and allowing advertisers to place ads more optimally. Lack of ad metrics would lead to opaque markets and leave advertisers in the dark, which would impact ads spend negatively. Also, publishers could not be rewarded by having audiences that respond best to certain ads. As a result, ads performance measurement by Petal Ads can potentially benefit all users and society because it helps to enable open and free of cost online services, and makes ads more relevant and rewards services with more engaging content for you and other users.

Petal Ads platform makes available to advertisers the following information regarding how you interact with their ads: device’s advertising identifiers with information about the app that is showing you the ad (e.g. app name, version, language, and country/region), device information (e.g. brand, model, screen resolution, and operating system information), network information (e.g. IP address, carrier information, and network type), advertisement/campaign identifier, and ads events (e.g. ads views, clicks, plays, and downloads). Advertisers process the data in accordance with their privacy policies and may use it for attribution analysis, conversion tracking, anti-cheating, and effect evaluation purposes. Advertisers may also use the data for their remarketing activities on Petal Ads or other ads platforms (e.g. target you, or similar users, based on the fact that you have visited their app or webpage), if you have given consent to the advertisers for such processing. Advertisers are prohibited under the Petal Ads policies from using the data for creating or supplementing their user profiles or creating target groups based on sensitive data such as data relating to health, sexuality, religious beliefs or political affiliations.

· <strong>Understand audiences through statistics and combining data from different sources</strong>. Reports can be generated based on the combination of data sets (like user profiles, statistics, analytics data) regarding your interactions and those of other users with advertising to identify common characteristics (for instance, to determine which target audiences are more receptive to an ad campaign or to certain contents). Such reporting includes aggregate market research and aggregate reporting to publishers and advertisers about the unique reach of online services and/or audiences of their ads. This specific purpose does not include the development or improvement of user profiles.

<strong>Legitimate interests:</strong> the processing is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interest to run our ads business effectively by knowing our audiences. Understanding the audience allows more efficient and precise audience identification. This serves our business interests because we get paid by advertisers for ads placement. It also serves our partners business interests by enabling publishers to monetize their content and allowing advertisers to advertiser more optimally.

· <strong>Develop and improve services.</strong> Information about your activity on our and partner services, such as your interaction with ads, can be very helpful to improve our services and to build new products (e.g. new ads formats) and services, including creating of new models and algorithms, based on user interactions, the type of audience, etc. This specific purpose does not include the development or improvement of user profiles.

<strong>Legitimate interests:</strong> the processing is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interest of developing our services, and improving and growing our business.

· <strong>Ensuring security, preventing and detecting fraud, and fixing errors.</strong> Your data is used to monitor for and prevent unusual and possibly fraudulent activity (for example, regarding advertising, ad clicks by bots), and ensure systems and processes work properly and securely. We may for example analyze how users interact with the touchscreen (e.g. how the screen and which screen position is touched) and how the device is moving (based on the device's sensor data) to detect and prevent fraudulent ad clicks. Your data can also be used to correct any problems you, the publisher or the advertiser may encounter in the delivery of ads and in your interaction with them.

<strong>Legitimate interests:</strong> the processing is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interest to run our ads business as secure and error-free as possible, protect our brand, and protect our operations and continuity thereof. All parties in the ads ecosystem have a legitimate interest to prevent and minimize fraud impact and losses (e.g. costs created by bots). Society as a whole has a legitimate interest to reduce fraud in any and all contexts.

We use your personal data originating from your use of HMS services for the following purposes based on our or others <strong>legitimate interests</strong> taking into consideration your interests, rights, and expectations.

- <strong>Use of limited HMS service data for measuring advertising performance.</strong> Information regarding you HUAWEI AppGallery downloads and activations is used to determine how well an advert has worked for you or other users and whether the goals of the advertising were reached. For instance, whether you saw an ad, whether you clicked on it, whether it lead you to download an app, etc. This allows to understand the relevance of advertising campaings.

  <strong>Legitimate interests:</strong> the processing is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interest to run our ads business effectively. Understanding and improving ads performance serves our business interests because we get paid by advertisers for ads placement. It also serves our partners business interests by allowing advertisers to place ads more optimally. Lack of app download and activation metrics from HUAWEI AppGallery would lead to opaque markets and leave advertisers in the dark, which would impact ads spend negatively.
- <strong>Use of limited HMS service data for creating profiles for personalized advertising.</strong> Data collected in HMS Services can be used by Petal Ads to build or improve a profile about you.

  <strong>Legitimate interests:</strong> the processing is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interest to know our users’ preferences so as to enable us to better personalize ads and thus to better meet the needs and desires of our users. This serves our business interests because we get paid by advertisers for ads placement. It also serves publishers and advertisers commercial interests by enabling publishers to monetize their content and allowing advertisers to reach prospective customers more effectively (see also above the “Using profiles to select personalized advertising” purpose).

For more information about how we process your data and about your rights read Statement about [Petal Ads and Privacy](https://privacy.consumer.huawei.com/legal/ads/privacy-statement.htm?&code=EU&language=em&branchid=0&contenttag=default)
